CONSTITUTION OF THE ACL SPECIAL INTEREST GROUP ON LINGUISTIC ANNOTATION
 

I. STATEMENT OF PURPOSE

The purpose of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL) Special Interest Group on Linguistic Annotation (SIGANN)
shall be to promote the exchange and propagation of research results with respect to the annotation, manipulation and exploitation of 
annotated corpora, taking into account different applications and theoretical investigations in the field of language technology and research; 
to promote the development of best practice guidelines and standards that will support interoperability of linguistically-annotated data; to work  
towards a consensus on all issues crucial to the advancement of the field of corpus annotation; and to sponsor meetings and workshops in 
linguistic annotation that appear to be timely and worthwile, operating within the framework of the ACL's general guidelines for SIGs.


II. ELECTED OFFICERS

The elected officers of the SIG shall consist of a President and a Secretary.
The President and Secretary shall be members in good standing of the ACL.

The term of all elected officers of the SIG shall be 2 years, dating from July 1, 2007.

The duties of the President shall be:
(1) To have primary executive authority over actions and activities of the SIG.
(2) To prepare a written report on the activities of the SIG for the Executive Committee of the ACL, for
presentation to the ACL at its Annual Business Meeting.
(3) To designate a Liaison Representative for the SIG (which may or may not be the President or Secretary), who shall be primarily responsible 
for communication with members of the SIG, answering inquiries about the SIG, and communication with the Executive Committee of the
ACL.

The duties of the Secretary shall be:
(1) To maintain a membership roster of the SIG.
(2) To be responsible for any moneys awarded to the SIG by the ACL; to collect and manage any dues that may be
required by the organization; and to present a written annual report on the SIG finances to the Executive
Committee of the ACL.
(3) To administer the nomination and election procedures. 

III. ELECTION OF OFFICERS

All officers of the SIG shall be elected by a vote of the membership. The vote shall take place at least 3 months 
before the expiration of the terms of the officers to be elected, with at least 4 weeks' notice of
nominations to SIG members.

Elections will be conducted via electronic mail, under the administration of the Secretary. 
 